README.md, before:

# **ProjectsHut - Show your projects to the world 🌎🌈**

[![pages-build-deployment](https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut/actions/workflows/pages/pages-build-deployment/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut/actions/workflows/pages/pages-build-deployment) [![Open in GitPod](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitpod-Ready--to--Code-blue?logo=gitpod)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut) ![Checks Success](https://badgen.net/github/checks/node-formidable/node-formidable) [![MIT](https://badgen.net/badge/license/MIT/blue)](https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut/blob/main/LICENSE)

![ProjectsHut](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88102392/226441712-c3c2f3bb-70f5-4f47-be91-3168a60ffbe7.png)

## 🤓 Why ProjectsHut ?

ProjectsHut is an innovative platform that allows users to publish their projects for free. It's designed to provide a space for individuals to showcase their work and connect with a global audience.

The website is open source, which means that its code is freely available to the public, allowing developers to contribute to its growth and improvement

[ProjectsHut](https://projectshut.vercel.app) offers a user-friendly interface, making it easy to publish projects and share them with others.

Whether you're a seasoned professional or just starting out, It's a valuable resource for sharing your work and making connections in the tech community. With its [Open Source](https://opensource.guide) design.

## 🤔 How to contribute ?

Contributing to open-source software (OSS) projects can be a rewarding and fulfilling experience. Not only can you learn new skills, but you can also help make a valuable contribution to a project that benefits the broader community.

> Here are some steps you can take to contribute to this project:

- Remember to read [Code Of Conduct](https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) before contributing.
- Follow the [Contribution Documents](/contributing.md)
- Create an [issue](https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut/issues/new/choose) to report bugs, and vulnerabilities or add a new feature.

## 🧰 Tech Stack Used

In this project, React is used for the frontend while Tailwind CSS is used for styling. The combination of the two technologies allowed for building a responsive and visually appealing user interface that is easy to use and navigate. The use of these technologies also allows for easy maintenance and scalability of the application.

| Technology                                                                                                                                           | Description                                                   |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-blue?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=white)](https://reactjs.org/)                              | React is a free and open-source front-end JavaScript library. |
| [![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tailwind%20CSS-38B2AC?style=flat-square&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)](https://tailwindcss.com/) | Tailwind CSS is an open source CSS framework.                 |

## 📙 Translation

As a user, you have the ability to translate the documentation of this project to new languages. This means that you can take the existing documentation, which may be in one language, and create new versions of it in other languages.

By doing so, you can help to make the project more accessible to people who speak different languages, and you can contribute to the project's overall success. To translate the documentation, you will need to have strong language skills in both the original language and the target language, as well as a good understanding of the content and context of the documentation. With these skills, you can ensure that the translated documentation is accurate, clear, and effective

- If you want to translate docs remember to create an [issue](https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut/issues/new?assignees=&labels=Translate&template=translation-.md&title=+Translate)

- See the [translation guide](https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut/blob/main/translations/translation_guide.md) to translate

> **Available languages**

- [한국인](https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut/tree/main/translations/Korean)
- [Española](https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut/tree/main/translations/Spanish)
- [தமிழ்](https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut/tree/main/translations/Tamil)

## 🤝 Contributors

To all the contributors and supporters of this project, we want to express our sincerest thanks. Your time, effort, and expertise have been invaluable in making this project a success. Whether you contributed code, documentation, testing, or simply offered feedback and suggestions, your contributions are deeply appreciated.

<a href="https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=priyankarpal/ProjectsHut" />
</a>

## 🛡️ License

ProjectsHut is licensed under the [MIT License ](https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut/blob/main/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Added a "Remember to add a good commit message"
Refactor:  Added a "Remember to add a good commit message" to the README.md file. And the tweet link refers to "How to write a professional commit" by priyankarpal.

README.md, after:

# **ProjectsHut - Show your projects to the world 🌎🌈**

[![pages-build-deployment](https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut/actions/workflows/pages/pages-build-deployment/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut/actions/workflows/pages/pages-build-deployment) [![Open in GitPod](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitpod-Ready--to--Code-blue?logo=gitpod)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut) ![Checks Success](https://badgen.net/github/checks/node-formidable/node-formidable) [![MIT](https://badgen.net/badge/license/MIT/blue)](https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut/blob/main/LICENSE)

![ProjectsHut](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88102392/226441712-c3c2f3bb-70f5-4f47-be91-3168a60ffbe7.png)

## 🤓 Why ProjectsHut ?

ProjectsHut is an innovative platform that allows users to publish their projects for free. It's designed to provide a space for individuals to showcase their work and connect with a global audience.

The website is open source, which means that its code is freely available to the public, allowing developers to contribute to its growth and improvement

[ProjectsHut](https://projectshut.vercel.app) offers a user-friendly interface, making it easy to publish projects and share them with others.

Whether you're a seasoned professional or just starting out, It's a valuable resource for sharing your work and making connections in the tech community. With its [Open Source](https://opensource.guide) design.

## 🤔 How to contribute ?

Contributing to open-source software (OSS) projects can be a rewarding and fulfilling experience. Not only can you learn new skills, but you can also help make a valuable contribution to a project that benefits the broader community.

> Here are some steps you can take to contribute to this project:

- Remember to read [Code Of Conduct](https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) before contributing.
- Follow the [Contribution Documents](/contributing.md)
- Create an [issue](https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut/issues/new/choose) to report bugs, and vulnerabilities or add a new feature.
- Remember to add a good commit message. You can see this tweet for reference [How to write professional commits?](https://twitter.com/Priyankarpal/status/1638403157863673859) before commiting the changes. 

## 🧰 Tech Stack Used

In this project, React is used for the frontend while Tailwind CSS is used for styling. The combination of the two technologies allowed for building a responsive and visually appealing user interface that is easy to use and navigate. The use of these technologies also allows for easy maintenance and scalability of the application.

| Technology                                                                                                                                           | Description                                                   |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-blue?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=white)](https://reactjs.org/)                              | React is a free and open-source front-end JavaScript library. |
| [![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tailwind%20CSS-38B2AC?style=flat-square&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)](https://tailwindcss.com/) | Tailwind CSS is an open source CSS framework.                 |

## 📙 Translation

As a user, you have the ability to translate the documentation of this project to new languages. This means that you can take the existing documentation, which may be in one language, and create new versions of it in other languages.

By doing so, you can help to make the project more accessible to people who speak different languages, and you can contribute to the project's overall success. To translate the documentation, you will need to have strong language skills in both the original language and the target language, as well as a good understanding of the content and context of the documentation. With these skills, you can ensure that the translated documentation is accurate, clear, and effective

- If you want to translate docs remember to create an [issue](https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut/issues/new?assignees=&labels=Translate&template=translation-.md&title=+Translate)

- See the [translation guide](https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut/blob/main/translations/translation_guide.md) to translate

> **Available languages**

- [한국인](https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut/tree/main/translations/Korean)
- [Española](https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut/tree/main/translations/Spanish)
- [தமிழ்](https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut/tree/main/translations/Tamil)

## 🤝 Contributors

To all the contributors and supporters of this project, we want to express our sincerest thanks. Your time, effort, and expertise have been invaluable in making this project a success. Whether you contributed code, documentation, testing, or simply offered feedback and suggestions, your contributions are deeply appreciated.

<a href="https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=priyankarpal/ProjectsHut" />
</a>

## 🛡️ License

ProjectsHut is licensed under the [MIT License ](https://github.com/priyankarpal/ProjectsHut/blob/main/LICENSE)
